Add `#[expr(/* template */)]` attribute (#82)
Kobzol/rust-delegate: README.md

}

assert_eq!(Enum::A(A).get_toto(), <A as WithConst>::TOTO);
```

- Custom called expression

> The `#[expr()]` attribute is used to modify the delegate call, using `$` as a placeholder for what delegate would normaly expand to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `#[expr()]` attribute can be used to modify the delegated call. You can use the `$` sigil as a placeholder for what delegate would normally expand to, and wrap that expression with custom code.
```

Let's also move this to the top, say after `Use modifiers that alter the generated method body`.
